hi and one's going to my channel so
today I have another Q&A video I know I
told you guys I do them like once a
month or once every two months some word
that it's not two options or were you're
like yo I haven't even asked you a
question in like six months so today is
a day for question answers extra tweeze
look about an hour and a half ago
someone asked some questions and I got a
lot on Twitter I think it's a good idea
to tweet some kind of an advance for a
film instead of putting it during the
video that way I can't like a variety of
questions to choose from and these using
a Bing like 20 minutes log so I
recommend you pause this right now go
run down the stairs to grab yourself a
snack probably some cheap it's nighttime
and just so you can enjoy a sit back get
in bed and watch this video and the
questions are on Twitter so I'm gonna go
look at them there are some healthy
foods you like to eat the annex neck or
I like to eat like fruit on its own
whatever I'm hungry else first what it's
kind of really I should read this online
first you kind of a lot of times your
body will confuse like hunger for thirst
if that makes sense
so usually I'll just go drink some water
something like that and see if like I'm
actually hungry or if I'm just needed
something in my body so I'll just drink
some water or tea if I feel fuller for
that then I can avoid going ahead and
eating food and of I am so hungry you
all try out some fruit if I'm still
hungry then I probably know that I
really need a meal so I'll make myself a
meal it's kind of like yours like
testify how hungry my body's I don't
want to shove in like a huge pizza would
all I really needed was some tea and
make your room tour yes I got my last
video I know if it's uploaded yet but um
I'm like remodeling my room I have been
doing for a while I'm just switching
things around one in a room not going
too fast that if I do one thing at a
time so that's why I haven't had a room
torch want to finish it up before I go
ahead and give you one because otherwise
it's kind of like yes my room it's gonna
be different in a week and it's like in
progress what is your favorite season
and why okay well this is like a really
hard shake I was gonna say summer cuz
there's no school and everything like
and I love the summer I like cuz like I
can chill and suicide want to say
summer some were just like feeling wise
like summer nut style it's like I just
like love summer but definitely fall for
like outfits I love like dry like fall
weather and fall dressing but then again
summer only cause like you're just so
much more free that's really warm and it
just left like a
upbeat season study habits for example
do you just read over your notes you do
rewrite them again when I take notes in
class I usually take them on my iPad
like I should have typed them up so then
what I do I usually will like put them
in a Google Doc something and print them
out and just then I don't like highlight
the most important things and read over
them that's kind of what I do I don't
you write my notes down I use too much
too much community on my iPad just have
everything like in one place so
everyone's having an iPad getting I have
the app notability and it's what I use
that I really like it you can separate
your classes and then you can like
separate notebooks like chapters of your
notebook into different lessons so it's
really cool so I use that how did you
paint your nails like gel nails and I
get them done abracada like three weeks
to a month my luck don't quit mine grow
up with they don't crop that quickly and
I still get them done every two weeks
for me they tend to stay definitely
through three and so I was three or four
and I was like I like to get French so
it's like kind of cleared the right
there so we can't really tell so I don't
know like usually every three to four
weeks what are your pet peeves when
people step on the back of my feet I
literally have gotten this question
every Q&A la France for you because I
just hate it like I don't know why but
like it just really bothers me like I
don't know Shane how you can step up
make someone's feet like when I'm
walking I kind of like like to keep a
distance where I'm not on the other
person and I kind of make sure I don't
step on their feet like that it's just
unlike the bags like it's just such an
easy thing to avoid some people some
echo my feet and yours like hmm okay are
your favorite color is still mint green
white and taupe no actually they're not
they really did change a lot of this is
my favorite and they say now pink black
and white definitely eye cream but like
whitish to cream but then my pink and
black are like oh those sound those do
not look good together though can get
him like actually I guess I don't when
you say endo no I'm just think is it
just me or does any also think like pink
and black zebra siblings nope I think
I've gone over this I think it's kind of
obvious I am an only child I probably
like incorporate my siblings if I had
stuff I would love to have siblings but
unfortunately um no I am the only one
just me if you're straight on deserted
island you can only have three things
what would they be um food water and my
phone
but with the charger like I think the
phone can equip to come with the trend
is like you know I mean you buy it's the
charger so I want it there so I guess I
could mean a kitten like living yeah I
probably lay out in tan every day and
you'd probably be really skinny except I
won't have that much food
how do your favorites parents feel about
you wanting to to LA for college
they're definitely completely supported
they're helping me do everything to
prepare for that and yeah other what
position did you play in sauger that is
actually a funny question if you guys
have been watching my videos for a long
time you know I used to play soccer used
to play I never
I'd always played midfielder for and I
never played defense I'm never really
good at even so I was gonna like it
forward like midfield so yeah those are
when I put it I never played goalie
either actually once I'm like fourth
grade I was put in for goalie and I let
like three balls in and my father's like
yeah she's out there like low while
people are sick that day so we'd like
played out of positions and let me know
substitutes so yeah I was a goalie for
like four minutes at all are you I'm 5-2
so I Mashhadi really really short um I
like it personally I don't like I just
like like the way some things look on
like me that I'm shortening like that
like dresses are never short on me you
even when they're meant to be shorts or
not and um I don't know like the other
like that I can wear heels and not be
like crazy tall but we like a really
good height so I like these small
favorites
yeah I she's at the end up on my songs
audios are like what song is that and
that's the song I just really likes
listening to it occur they like it's a
weird song it's not like a sad song it's
not like an upbeat song it's one of
those songs it's just like good at any
time you know something recover you're
like too sad for right now oh this is
way too partyish for how I'm figuring
out this song it's like you can listen
to like when you're like excited ain't
cousin to when you're sad it's like
really really guys I think it's a
versatile should be romantic lipstick
angel it's like a little it's like a
pinky color it's like my my lips but
better close it looks really natural not
too bright not too dark it's a little
just a natural nice pink only beets
you'd make youtube videos I love it I
gotta say like this is like my passion
so what I love to do I just love talking
to all of you guys getting your feedback
all talking other girls love meeting you
guys I just love being an influencer I
just love talking to you guys and like I
really love making videos I know people
say that you're just like oh but like I
took my like whole patch to the same you
design a little bit with like all my her
never gonna give it up for anything
so just like I just literally don't
think Ramona by myself I want to make me
sound like oh did you go to the gym if
to motivate myself like I love doing it
so if you could know it still gonna be
that expression if you could know one
thing about yourself in the future what
would it be um if I'm still gonna be
doing something like YouTube related and
kind of like if if no I asked if I would
be where I want to be if that makes
sense like I've kind of ideal place of
where I wanna be in like 10 years and I
just want to know if I'm there so then I
know if it's all worth it I don't know
it's that's kind of weird but like
that's what I'd want to know so yeah
hope you guys enjoyed this question and
answers I people are still sending them
in but I feel like two hours ago so I
hope that was fun and enjoyable for you
guys and I'll have one next month so be
sure to stay tuned on twitter follow me
on twitter i'll have the link down below
just cutie buddy 97 that way you can get
them updates and be sure to subscribe so
you can see the next video so happy you
guys so much watching and I love you all
so much and also actual guys later
la la la la